# Unit-Converter
Unit Converter is a quick, easy and powerful tool for converting various measurement units. Unit converter can convert different units of measure viz. Acceleration, Angle, Area, Current/Electric Current, Data or Bits & Bytes, Density, Energy, Force, Fuel consumption, Frequency, Length, Light-Illumination, Light-Luminance, Power, Pressure, Sound, Speed, Temperature, Time, Torque, Volume, Weight/Mass and etc., As you might expect, the phone runs on the Android operating system and has specially designed applications and middleware. The applications are written in Java language and the system can also run applications that are written in other languages, like C language. But probably the biggest difference between Android phones and all the others is that Android has an advanced, complex operating system. By comparison, most other mobile phones, even the iPhone, run simple, real-time applications. When it comes to the internet, Android phones use WebKit to run Google’s Chrome Lite web browser. Since Webkit is also used on the iPhone, Android phones are in direct competition with the iPhone when it comes to internet capabilities.However, Android phones have several distinct advantages over the competition due in a large part to their more complex operating system. For instance, Android phone can run several applications simultaneously, which obviously makes it easier to multitask and improves the overall functionality of the phone. In fact, many Android phone users report that they are faster, more fluid, and easier to use that competing models. Another great thing about Android phones is that their platform is not tethered to a specific company, which means that any phone maker who wants to produce an Android phone can simply start making them. This will most likely lead to increased competition in the future and to lower mobile phone costs for consumers.
